Help me polish this content for adding in Resume

As soon as AI tools were made available, I led the Activities team in setting up innovation processes to avoid working on duplicate usecases within the org. Identified Activities domain actionables starting with defining proper context against team's code repos for AI to run against. This includes repos conventions, coding standards architectural rules and allows seamless dev by AI tools. This context requried systematic improvement and we leveraged a feedback driven process to identify and fix gaps by our team when running AI tools on this context for all coding purposes. Once the context is setup we supplemented it with existing documentation and learning material to allow it behaving as domain SME for all practical purposes. 

We call this context a LLM wiki that acts like brain center for Activities domain agents (all context goes here).I led the team in building a Sdlc workflow automation that performs AI Assisted development which covers from jira ticket with requirements to PR creation and review step. It has 1.Activity architect plugin (6 agents) that helps in requirement to hld and planning 2.feature dev plugin (10agents) to help in jira requirements to pr creation 3.PR reviewer plugin that helps in reviewing the code. This domain specific SDLC workflow automation enables Inner sourcing by developers who have little context on our systems and had to build extensive understanding before starting dev. It has already proven requirements to review velocity improvements by 30%+ and is being tested for handling system bugs. All these are built with Claude and we built it bottom up solving each sdlc problem separately like code exploration, lld, Dev, unit test, build, pr review like individual building blocks first. Then we created plugins that connects these agents in to a workflow. And after building workflow we understood context sharing across agents became a bottleneck and we stated building shared memory layer called LLM Wiki. For building agents claude provides skill called superpowers, all agents are built using that skill every agent goes through planning and design and build.

Using this LLM Wiki, I led the team in building a AI-enabled support slack bot that helps answering all our domain specific questions on a daily basis and saves 60% developer hours spent by our team in analysing domain specific logical complexity while answering and 70% of time spent by other teams in waiting for our first response especially the cross-geo teams. We leveraged a feedback driven process with this bot as well to fine tune and correct answers and keep building context. 

 I led using this LLM Wiki context to setup AI automation in triaging alerts under datadog and splunk and reducing manual intervention. Once alert triggers auto analyses deviations from code and recent rollouts checking against our domain and the downstream systems we depend upon.

I led the effort in using this agent to maintain Jira hygiene by reducing time spent on clerical work like defining proper Jira stories with defined acceptance criteria and creating them straight out of sprint planning document. This has reduced mundane Jira efforts by more than 40% per individual.  

I led the development of a daily interaction slack bot that pings my team at end of each day and helps them capture important project work done as well as any leadershipm behaviours demostrated throughout the day along with capturing things they believe could have been done differently. It then generates and sends a summarised kudos report at the end of the week to the individual and to the manager to make them aware of their weekly growth. Month over month this bot shares a summary of potential growth items and help the individual vet their journey against a defined org goal and also ask for feedback from peers on specific items captured in it.
